README.md, before:

Hello it's me Marcel I'm back with Web now and I'm learning [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) for now. Me and [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) has a lot of love and hate relationship but I'm still going to use it as a hobby now!

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Added a landing page to introduce myself and the website

README.md, after:

Hello it's me Marcel I'm back with Web now and I'm learning [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) for now. Me and [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) has a lot of love and hate relationship but I'm still going to use it as a hobby now!

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

### I learned about

- Static and Dynamic Server Side Rendering
- Incremental Static Regeneration
- Client Side Rendering
- Route Handlers (API Endpoints) by using NextJS API Handlers
- Meta-data API
- and more

Every page uses a different approach to <b>fetching and caching data.</b> Click the links in the nav bar to try them out!

By the way I made it <b>without packages!</b> It was really time consuming but it was worth it

In order to load data on the site, you need to get an <b>API KEY from Unsplash</b> and add it to your <b>.env.local</b> file as a <b>UNSPLASH_ACCESS_KEY</b>.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.
